you
hello guys today I'm going to be showing
you a boo test between a jailbroken
iphone 3g and a non jailbroken iphone 3g
so this is my first time using a
camcorder and so tell me if you like it
or not and yeah just gonna get straight
to it so i hope you like it so here i
have two iphone 3gs they are exactly the
same they're 16 gigabytes and they're
both running version 2.2 so today i'm
going to be showing you a boot test of
them the only difference between them is
the one on the left here is jailbroken
and the one on the right is non
jailbreaking so i'm now going to turn
both of them off i can push the buttons
down okay so slide to power off for the
jailbroken one and slide the power off
on the non jailbroken one and i have my
ipod touch it and then i'm going to try
and record it right from the start i
only have one hand so I'm it's not going
to be exactly but i'm going to write so
here we go three two one go there we go
and start so um i'm pretty sure that the
one on the right is going to be a lot
quicker than the one on the left but
we're going to find out
so there we have the non jailbroken one
boots it up at about 30 seconds so
that's pretty quick if you ask me
because my one on the left here is going
to be around two minutes I reckon so I'm
just going to that was my phone
vibrating there it would normally beep
it's on silent so here that's why it did
that if you're wondering so it's
appeared in itunes but it still hasn't
booted up so I guess we can have to wait
a little longer one minute fifteen and
there we go so that was around one
minute 17 so there we have a boot test
of a jailbroken iphone 3g and a non
jailbroken iphone 3g so i hope this gave
you a bit of clue to what you are
working does too booting times and all
that and yet please subscribe rate and
comment thanks